README.md, before:

# mysa2mqtt

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/mysa2mqtt)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysa2mqtt)
[![Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/bourquep/mysa2mqtt)](https://hub.docker.com/r/bourquep/mysa2mqtt)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![CI: lint, build and release](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

A Node.js application that bridges Mysa smart thermostats to MQTT, enabling integration with Home Assistant and other
home automation platforms.

## Features

- **MQTT Integration**: Exposes Mysa thermostats as MQTT devices compatible with Home Assistant's auto-discovery
- **Real-time Updates**: Live temperature, humidity, and power consumption monitoring
- **Full Control**: Set temperature, change modes (heat/off), and monitor thermostat status
- **Session Management**: Persistent authentication sessions to minimize API calls
- **Configurable Logging**: Support for JSON and pretty-printed log formats with adjustable levels

## Supported hardware

| Model Number | Description                                               | Supported                                                            |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `BB-V1-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric Baseboard Heaters V1   | ✅ Tested and working                                                |
| `BB-V2-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric Baseboard Heaters V2   | ⚠️ Partially working, in progress                                    |
| `BB-V2-X-L`  | Mysa Smart Thermostat LITE for Electric Baseboard Heaters | ⚠️ Partially working, in progress; does not report power consumption |
| `unknown`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric In-Floor Heating       | ⚠️ Should work but not tested                                        |
| `AC-V1-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Mini-Split Heat Pumps & AC      | 🚫 Not supported (yet)                                               |

## Disclaimer

This tool was developed without the consent of the Mysa Smart Thermostats company, and makes use of undocumented and
unsupported APIs. Use at your own risk, and be aware that Mysa may change the APIs at any time and break this tool
permanently.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 22+
- A Mysa account with configured thermostats
- An MQTT broker (like Mosquitto)
- Optional: Home Assistant for auto-discovery

## Installation

### Option 1: Global Installation (Recommended)

Install globally via npm to use the `mysa2mqtt` command anywhere:

```bash
npm install -g mysa2mqtt
```

### Option 2: Run with npx (No Installation Required)

Run directly without installing:

```bash
npx mysa2mqtt --help
```

### Option 3: Development Setup

For development or custom modifications:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt.git
   cd mysa2mqtt
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the tool:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Quick Start

1. **Install the CLI tool**:

   ```bash
   npm install -g mysa2mqtt
   ```

2. **Run with basic configuration**:

   ```bash
   mysa2mqtt --mqtt-host your-mqtt-broker.local --mysa-username your-email@example.com --mysa-password your-password
   ```

3. **For persistent configuration**, create a `.env` file:

   ```bash
   M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker.local
   M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-mysa-email@example.com
   M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-mysa-password
   ```

   Then simply run:

   ```bash
   mysa2mqtt
   ```

4. **Check Home Assistant** (if using auto-discovery):
   - Go to Settings → Devices & Services
   - Look for automatically discovered Mysa devices
   - Configure and add to your dashboard

## Configuration

The application can be configured using either command-line arguments or environment variables. Environment variables
take precedence over command-line defaults.

### Required Configuration

| CLI Option            | Environment Variable | Description                      |
| --------------------- | -------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `-H, --mqtt-host`     | `M2M_MQTT_HOST`      | Hostname of the MQTT broker      |
| `-u, --mysa-username` | `M2M_MYSA_USERNAME`  | Your Mysa account username/email |
| `-p, --mysa-password` | `M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD`  | Your Mysa account password       |

### Optional Configuration

#### MQTT Settings

| CLI Option                | Environment Variable    | Default     | Description                             |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `-P, --mqtt-port`         | `M2M_MQTT_PORT`         | `1883`      | Port of the MQTT broker                 |
| `-U, --mqtt-username`     | `M2M_MQTT_USERNAME`     | -           | Username for MQTT broker authentication |
| `-B, --mqtt-password`     | `M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD`     | -           | Password for MQTT broker authentication |
| `-N, --mqtt-client-name`  | `M2M_MQTT_CLIENT_NAME`  | `mysa2mqtt` | Name of the MQTT client                 |
| `-T, --mqtt-topic-prefix` | `M2M_MQTT_TOPIC_PREFIX` | `mysa2mqtt` | Prefix for MQTT topics                  |

#### Application Settings

| CLI Option                | Environment Variable    | Default        | Description                                                             |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-l, --log-level`         | `M2M_LOG_LEVEL`         | `info`         | Log level: `silent`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug`, `trace` |
| `-f, --log-format`        | `M2M_LOG_FORMAT`        | `pretty`       | Log format: `pretty`, `json`                                            |
| `-s, --mysa-session-file` | `M2M_MYSA_SESSION_FILE` | `session.json` | Path to Mysa session file                                               |
| `-t, --temperature-unit`  | `M2M_TEMPERATURE_UNIT`  | `C`            | Temperature unit (`C` = Celsius, `F` = Fahrenheit)                      |

## Usage Examples

### Using Environment Variables (.env file)

Create a `.env` file:

```bash
# Required
M2M_MQTT_HOST=mosquitto.local
M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=user@example.com
M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password

# Optional
M2M_MQTT_PORT=1883
M2M_MQTT_USERNAME=mqtt-user
M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD=mqtt-password
M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info
M2M_LOG_FORMAT=pretty
```

Then run:

```bash
mysa2mqtt
```

### Using Command Line Arguments

```bash
mysa2mqtt \
  --mqtt-host mosquitto.local \
  --mqtt-port 1883 \
  --mqtt-username mqtt-user \
  --mqtt-password mqtt-password \
  --mysa-username user@example.com \
  --mysa-password your-password \
  --log-level debug \
  --log-format json
```

### Mixed Configuration

You can combine both approaches. Environment variables will override command-line defaults:

```bash
# .env file
M2M_MQTT_HOST=mosquitto.local
M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=user@example.com
M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password

# Command line (will override .env if present)
mysa2mqtt --log-level debug --mqtt-port 8883
```

## Home Assistant Integration

When using Home Assistant, devices will be automatically discovered and appear in:

- **Settings → Devices & Services → MQTT**
- **Climate entities** for temperature control
- **Sensor entities** for power monitoring

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Authentication Failures**
   - Verify your Mysa username and password
   - Check if session.json exists and is valid
   - Try deleting session.json to force re-authentication

2. **MQTT Connection Issues**
   - Verify MQTT broker hostname and port
   - Check MQTT credentials if authentication is required
   - Ensure the MQTT broker is accessible from your network

3. **No Devices Found**
   - Ensure your Mysa thermostats are properly configured in the Mysa app
   - Check logs for API errors
   - Verify your Mysa account has active devices

### Debug Mode

Enable debug logging to get more detailed information:

```bash
mysa2mqtt --log-level debug
```

Or set in environment:

```bash
M2M_LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

### Log Formats

- **Pretty format** (default): Human-readable colored output
- **JSON format**: Structured logging suitable for log aggregation

## Docker Usage

### Option 1: Pre-built Image (Recommended)

Use the official pre-built Docker image:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
```

With additional configuration:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MQTT_PORT=1883 \
  -e M2M_MQTT_USERNAME=mqtt-user \
  -e M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD=mqtt-password \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  -e M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info \
  -v $(pwd)/session.json:/app/session.json \
  bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
```

### Option 2: Build Your Own Image

If you prefer to build your own image, create a `Dockerfile`:

```dockerfile
FROM node:22-alpine

WORKDIR /app

# Install mysa2mqtt globally
RUN npm install -g mysa2mqtt

CMD ["mysa2mqtt"]
```

Build and run:

```bash
docker build -t mysa2mqtt .
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  mysa2mqtt
```

### Option 3: Use Official Node.js Image

Run directly with the official Node.js image:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  node:22-alpine \
  sh -c "npm install -g mysa2mqtt && mysa2mqtt"
```

### Docker Compose

For easier management, create a `docker-compose.yml` file:

```yaml
services:
  mysa2mqtt:
    image: bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
    container_name: mysa2mqtt
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker
      - M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email
      - M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password
      - M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info
    volumes:
      - ./session.json:/app/session.json
```

Then run:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

## License

`mysa2mqtt` is licensed under the MIT License. This is a permissive license that allows you to use, modify, and
redistribute this software in both private and commercial projects. You can change the code and distribute your changes
without being required to release your source code. The MIT License only requires that you include the original
copyright notice and license text in any copy of the software or substantial portion of it.

## Copyright

© 2025 Pascal Bourque

## Support

- **Issues**: Report bugs and feature requests on [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/issues)
- **Discussions**: Join the conversation on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/discussions)

## Acknowledgments

- [mysa-js-sdk](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa-js-sdk) - Mysa API client library
  - This library would not be possible without the amazing work by [@dlenski](https://github.com/dlenski) in his
    [mysotherm](https://github.com/dlenski/mysotherm) repository. He's the one who reversed-engineered the Mysa MQTT
    protocol which is being used by this library.

- [mqtt2ha](https://github.com/bourquep/mqtt2ha) - MQTT to Home Assistant bridge library
- [Commander.js](https://github.com/tj/commander.js) - Command-line argument parsing
- [Pino](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) - Fast JSON logger

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/remiolivier"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1379047?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="remiolivier"/><br /><sub><b>remiolivier</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/commits?author=remiolivier" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification.
Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Add note on M2M_TEMPERATURE_UNIT configuration
Added an important notice to the README about ensuring the M2M_TEMPERATURE_UNIT matches Home Assistant's unit system to prevent incorrect temperature readings and commands.

README.md, after:

# mysa2mqtt

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/mysa2mqtt)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysa2mqtt)
[![Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/bourquep/mysa2mqtt)](https://hub.docker.com/r/bourquep/mysa2mqtt)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![CI: lint, build and release](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

A Node.js application that bridges Mysa smart thermostats to MQTT, enabling integration with Home Assistant and other
home automation platforms.

## Features

- **MQTT Integration**: Exposes Mysa thermostats as MQTT devices compatible with Home Assistant's auto-discovery
- **Real-time Updates**: Live temperature, humidity, and power consumption monitoring
- **Full Control**: Set temperature, change modes (heat/off), and monitor thermostat status
- **Session Management**: Persistent authentication sessions to minimize API calls
- **Configurable Logging**: Support for JSON and pretty-printed log formats with adjustable levels

## Supported hardware

| Model Number | Description                                               | Supported                                                            |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `BB-V1-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric Baseboard Heaters V1   | ✅ Tested and working                                                |
| `BB-V2-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric Baseboard Heaters V2   | ⚠️ Partially working, in progress                                    |
| `BB-V2-X-L`  | Mysa Smart Thermostat LITE for Electric Baseboard Heaters | ⚠️ Partially working, in progress; does not report power consumption |
| `unknown`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Electric In-Floor Heating       | ⚠️ Should work but not tested                                        |
| `AC-V1-X`    | Mysa Smart Thermostat for Mini-Split Heat Pumps & AC      | 🚫 Not supported (yet)                                               |

## Disclaimer

This tool was developed without the consent of the Mysa Smart Thermostats company, and makes use of undocumented and
unsupported APIs. Use at your own risk, and be aware that Mysa may change the APIs at any time and break this tool
permanently.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 22+
- A Mysa account with configured thermostats
- An MQTT broker (like Mosquitto)
- Optional: Home Assistant for auto-discovery

## Installation

### Option 1: Global Installation (Recommended)

Install globally via npm to use the `mysa2mqtt` command anywhere:

```bash
npm install -g mysa2mqtt
```

### Option 2: Run with npx (No Installation Required)

Run directly without installing:

```bash
npx mysa2mqtt --help
```

### Option 3: Development Setup

For development or custom modifications:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt.git
   cd mysa2mqtt
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the tool:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Quick Start

1. **Install the CLI tool**:

   ```bash
   npm install -g mysa2mqtt
   ```

2. **Run with basic configuration**:

   ```bash
   mysa2mqtt --mqtt-host your-mqtt-broker.local --mysa-username your-email@example.com --mysa-password your-password
   ```

3. **For persistent configuration**, create a `.env` file:

   ```bash
   M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker.local
   M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-mysa-email@example.com
   M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-mysa-password
   ```

   Then simply run:

   ```bash
   mysa2mqtt
   ```

4. **Check Home Assistant** (if using auto-discovery):
   - Go to Settings → Devices & Services
   - Look for automatically discovered Mysa devices
   - Configure and add to your dashboard

## Configuration

The application can be configured using either command-line arguments or environment variables. Environment variables
take precedence over command-line defaults.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `M2M_TEMPERATURE_UNIT` option must match Home Assistant's unit system (Settings → General → Unit System)
> so setpoints and readings are interpreted correctly. If mismatched, climate entities will show incorrect values (e.g.
> 21°C treated as 21°F) and commands may result in unexpected temperatures.

### Required Configuration

| CLI Option            | Environment Variable | Description                      |
| --------------------- | -------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `-H, --mqtt-host`     | `M2M_MQTT_HOST`      | Hostname of the MQTT broker      |
| `-u, --mysa-username` | `M2M_MYSA_USERNAME`  | Your Mysa account username/email |
| `-p, --mysa-password` | `M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD`  | Your Mysa account password       |

### Optional Configuration

#### MQTT Settings

| CLI Option                | Environment Variable    | Default     | Description                             |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `-P, --mqtt-port`         | `M2M_MQTT_PORT`         | `1883`      | Port of the MQTT broker                 |
| `-U, --mqtt-username`     | `M2M_MQTT_USERNAME`     | -           | Username for MQTT broker authentication |
| `-B, --mqtt-password`     | `M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD`     | -           | Password for MQTT broker authentication |
| `-N, --mqtt-client-name`  | `M2M_MQTT_CLIENT_NAME`  | `mysa2mqtt` | Name of the MQTT client                 |
| `-T, --mqtt-topic-prefix` | `M2M_MQTT_TOPIC_PREFIX` | `mysa2mqtt` | Prefix for MQTT topics                  |

#### Application Settings

| CLI Option                | Environment Variable    | Default        | Description                                                             |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-l, --log-level`         | `M2M_LOG_LEVEL`         | `info`         | Log level: `silent`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug`, `trace` |
| `-f, --log-format`        | `M2M_LOG_FORMAT`        | `pretty`       | Log format: `pretty`, `json`                                            |
| `-s, --mysa-session-file` | `M2M_MYSA_SESSION_FILE` | `session.json` | Path to Mysa session file                                               |
| `-t, --temperature-unit`  | `M2M_TEMPERATURE_UNIT`  | `C`            | Temperature unit (`C` = Celsius, `F` = Fahrenheit)                      |

## Usage Examples

### Using Environment Variables (.env file)

Create a `.env` file:

```bash
# Required
M2M_MQTT_HOST=mosquitto.local
M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=user@example.com
M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password

# Optional
M2M_MQTT_PORT=1883
M2M_MQTT_USERNAME=mqtt-user
M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD=mqtt-password
M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info
M2M_LOG_FORMAT=pretty
```

Then run:

```bash
mysa2mqtt
```

### Using Command Line Arguments

```bash
mysa2mqtt \
  --mqtt-host mosquitto.local \
  --mqtt-port 1883 \
  --mqtt-username mqtt-user \
  --mqtt-password mqtt-password \
  --mysa-username user@example.com \
  --mysa-password your-password \
  --log-level debug \
  --log-format json
```

### Mixed Configuration

You can combine both approaches. Environment variables will override command-line defaults:

```bash
# .env file
M2M_MQTT_HOST=mosquitto.local
M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=user@example.com
M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password

# Command line (will override .env if present)
mysa2mqtt --log-level debug --mqtt-port 8883
```

## Home Assistant Integration

When using Home Assistant, devices will be automatically discovered and appear in:

- **Settings → Devices & Services → MQTT**
- **Climate entities** for temperature control
- **Sensor entities** for power monitoring

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Authentication Failures**
   - Verify your Mysa username and password
   - Check if session.json exists and is valid
   - Try deleting session.json to force re-authentication

2. **MQTT Connection Issues**
   - Verify MQTT broker hostname and port
   - Check MQTT credentials if authentication is required
   - Ensure the MQTT broker is accessible from your network

3. **No Devices Found**
   - Ensure your Mysa thermostats are properly configured in the Mysa app
   - Check logs for API errors
   - Verify your Mysa account has active devices

### Debug Mode

Enable debug logging to get more detailed information:

```bash
mysa2mqtt --log-level debug
```

Or set in environment:

```bash
M2M_LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

### Log Formats

- **Pretty format** (default): Human-readable colored output
- **JSON format**: Structured logging suitable for log aggregation

## Docker Usage

### Option 1: Pre-built Image (Recommended)

Use the official pre-built Docker image:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
```

With additional configuration:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MQTT_PORT=1883 \
  -e M2M_MQTT_USERNAME=mqtt-user \
  -e M2M_MQTT_PASSWORD=mqtt-password \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  -e M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info \
  -v $(pwd)/session.json:/app/session.json \
  bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
```

### Option 2: Build Your Own Image

If you prefer to build your own image, create a `Dockerfile`:

```dockerfile
FROM node:22-alpine

WORKDIR /app

# Install mysa2mqtt globally
RUN npm install -g mysa2mqtt

CMD ["mysa2mqtt"]
```

Build and run:

```bash
docker build -t mysa2mqtt .
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  mysa2mqtt
```

### Option 3: Use Official Node.js Image

Run directly with the official Node.js image:

```bash
docker run -d --name mysa2mqtt \
  -e M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker \
  -e M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email \
  -e M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password \
  node:22-alpine \
  sh -c "npm install -g mysa2mqtt && mysa2mqtt"
```

### Docker Compose

For easier management, create a `docker-compose.yml` file:

```yaml
services:
  mysa2mqtt:
    image: bourquep/mysa2mqtt:latest
    container_name: mysa2mqtt
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - M2M_MQTT_HOST=your-mqtt-broker
      - M2M_MYSA_USERNAME=your-email
      - M2M_MYSA_PASSWORD=your-password
      - M2M_LOG_LEVEL=info
    volumes:
      - ./session.json:/app/session.json
```

Then run:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

## License

`mysa2mqtt` is licensed under the MIT License. This is a permissive license that allows you to use, modify, and
redistribute this software in both private and commercial projects. You can change the code and distribute your changes
without being required to release your source code. The MIT License only requires that you include the original
copyright notice and license text in any copy of the software or substantial portion of it.

## Copyright

© 2025 Pascal Bourque

## Support

- **Issues**: Report bugs and feature requests on [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/issues)
- **Discussions**: Join the conversation on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/discussions)

## Acknowledgments

- [mysa-js-sdk](https://github.com/bourquep/mysa-js-sdk) - Mysa API client library
  - This library would not be possible without the amazing work by [@dlenski](https://github.com/dlenski) in his
    [mysotherm](https://github.com/dlenski/mysotherm) repository. He's the one who reversed-engineered the Mysa MQTT
    protocol which is being used by this library.

- [mqtt2ha](https://github.com/bourquep/mqtt2ha) - MQTT to Home Assistant bridge library
- [Commander.js](https://github.com/tj/commander.js) - Command-line argument parsing
- [Pino](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) - Fast JSON logger

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/remiolivier"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1379047?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="remiolivier"/><br /><sub><b>remiolivier</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/bourquep/mysa2mqtt/commits?author=remiolivier" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification.
Contributions of any kind welcome!
